Merge DevGuide preface into introduction (#4094)
OpenDDS/OpenDDS: docs/devguide/introduction.rst

   Details of DDS-XTypes are below in Chapter :ref:`xtypes--xtypes`.

OpenDDS is implemented in C++ and contains support for Java.
Users in the OpenDDS community have contributed and maintain bindings for other languages include C#, nodejs, and Python.

OpenDDS is sponsored by the OpenDDS Foundation and is available via `https://opendds.org <https://opendds.org/>`__ and `https://github.com/OpenDDS/OpenDDS <https://github.com/OpenDDS/OpenDDS>`__.

***************
Licensing Terms
***************

..
    Sect<0.2>

OpenDDS is *open source software*.
The source code may be freely downloaded and is open for inspection, review, comment, and improvement.
Copies may be freely installed across all your systems and those of your customers.
There is no charge for development or run-time licenses.
The source code is designed to be compiled, and used, across a wide variety of hardware and operating systems architectures.
You may modify it for your own needs, within the terms of the license agreements.
You must not copyright OpenDDS software.

> For details of the licensing terms, see the file named ``LICENSE`` that is included in the OpenDDS source code distribution or visit `https://opendds.org/about/license.html <https://opendds.org/about/license.html>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details of the licensing terms, see the file named :ghfile:`LICENSE` that is included in the OpenDDS source code distribution or visit `https://opendds.org/about/license.html <https://opendds.org/about/license.html>`__.
```

OpenDDS is open source and the development team welcomes contributions of code, tests, documentation, and ideas.
Active participation by users ensures a robust implementation.
Contact the OpenDDS Foundation if you are interested in contributing to the development of OpenDDS.
Please note that any code or documentation that is contributed to and becomes part of the OpenDDS open source code base is subject to the same licensing terms as the rest of the OpenDDS code base.

****************
About This Guide
****************

..
    Sect<0.3>

This Developer’s Guide corresponds to OpenDDS version 3.23.
This guide is primarily focused on the specifics of using and configuring OpenDDS to build distributed publish-subscribe applications.
While it does give a general overview of the OMG Data Distribution Service, this guide is not intended to provide comprehensive coverage of the specification.
The intent of this guide is to help you become proficient with OpenDDS as quickly as possible.
Readers are encouraged to submit corrections to this guide using a GitHub pull request.

> The source for this guide can be found at `https://github.com/OpenDDS/OpenDDS/tree/master/docs/devguide <https://github.com/OpenDDS/OpenDDS/tree/master/docs/devguide>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source for this guide can be found at :ghfile:`docs/devguide` and :doc:`/internal/docs` has guidance on editing and building the documentation.
```

    Sect<1.4.1>

OpenDDS is itself built with MPC, so development systems that are set up to use OpenDDS already have MPC available.

> The OpenDDS configure script creates a "setenv" script with environment settings (``setenv.cmd`` on Windows; ``setenv.sh`` on Linux/macOS).

Reviewer: There are several monospaced words above this in the optional features that have single quotes around them, like `‘``GROUP``’`, could you remove the outer redundant quotes?
